{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a screen titled \'93Important Dates You Spend For\'94
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'a0
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Add a header that reads:
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'93We all have days when spending is inevitable. Help us plan around them.\'94
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'a0
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Split this screen into expandable sections based on event type. Each section contains repeatable inputs (1\'963 entries) for that category.
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'a0
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Each important date should have: \
-Name (from pulldown choices) string\
-date	(date)\
-amount (number)\
-frequency (weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly)\
\
Create a section titled \'93Children\'92s Birthdays\'94 with up to 3 separate cards for a child.
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Each card should ask:
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93What\'92s your child\'92s name?\'94 \uc0\u8594  birthday_child_name
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93When is their birthday?\'94 \uc0\u8594  birthday_child_name_event_date
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93How much do you typically spend?\'94 \uc0\u8594  birthday_name_expected_amount\
- assume that the frequency is yearly
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'a0\
Create a section titled \'93Anniversaries\'94 with 3 slots.
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'a0
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Ask:
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93What are you celebrating?\'94 (e.g., Wedding, Engagement, First Date) \uc0\u8594  event_name
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93What\'92s the date?\'94 \uc0\u8594  event_name_event_date
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93How much do you expect to spend?\'94 \uc0\u8594  event_name_expected_amount
\f1\fs32 \
\

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Create a section titled \'93Vacations / Trips\'94 with 3 repeatable rows.
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \'a0
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 Ask:
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93What\'92s the occasion or destination?\'94 \uc0\u8594  occasion_name
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93When are you going?\'94 \uc0\u8594  occasion_name_event_date
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93Budget for the trip?\'94 \uc0\u8594  occasion_name_expected_amount\
\

\f1\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Create a section titled \'93Wife/Girlfriend Birthday\'94 with 2 repeatable rows.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Ask:
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93When is your wife\'92s birthday?\'94 \uc0\u8594  wife_birthday_event_date
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93How much do you plan to spend?\'94 \uc0\u8594 wife_birthday_event_expected_amount
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \

\f1\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Create a section titled \'93Friend Birthday\'94 with 2 repeatable rows with 3 repeatable rows\
\
Ask:
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93When is your friend\'92s birthday?\'94 \uc0\u8594  friend_1_name_birthday_event_date, friend_2_name_birthday_event_date, friend_3_name_birthday_event_date
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93How much do you plan to spend?\'94 \uc0\u8594 friend_1_name_birthday_event_expected_amount, friend_2_name_birthday_event_expected_amount, friend_3_name_birthday_event_expected_amount
\f1\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Create a section titled \'93Fraternity/Sorority Assessments due\'94 with 2 repeatable rows\
\
Ask:
\f1\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 - \'93When are your sorority/fraternity assessments due?\'94 \uc0\u8594  social_org_event_date
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93How much are they typically?\'94 \uc0\u8594  social_org_expected_amount
\f1\fs32 \

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 - \'93How frequently are the assessments? Monthly, quarterly, yearly as choices}